## On end-points on the website

Understand that the name of the end-point and the name of the function
serving the end-point need not be the same. Also, the function need not
be written in ToflerWeb.py also.

Look at the self._registerAction('company', self.business_handler.get_business_page)
The company end-point is being served by a function in the business_handler object.
Look further up to see that business_handler is an object of the class BusinessHandler
which lives in businesshandler.py

So now, we rename the end-point for excel to downloadexcel. Move the handler
function to the BusinessHandler class. Move the _registerAction call to be
just below the _registerAction for company. 


## On authentication and authorization

(Almost) all requests for data from the system need to be checked for
authentication, authorization, and rate limits. To understand how this
works, look at the get_business_page method of the BusinessHandler class.

### Rate Limits
First is rate limiting.

    if not self.webapp.dailyAccessLimit('BASICCOMPINFO', limitrate=1000, environ=environ):
        return self.webapp.getIPBlockedPage(environ)

As will be clear from the statement itself, it is checking for a daily limit of 1000
on getting basic company information. If the limit is reached, a "Your IP is blocked"
page is shown to the user.

### Authentication and authorization
Next, look further in the function to find the statement

    user, tofler_pro_subscriber, pro_data, pro_docs = self._get_pro_permissions_from_session_and_cin(session, cin)

and in turn, look at the function _get_pro_permissions_from_session_and_cin

This method takes a session cookie and a cin to determine if:
    a. the user is logged in
    b. is a subscriber to tofler pro
    c. has access to the specific compny identified by the cin

It returns the user's ID into the user variable, a boolean of tofler_pro_subscriber,
a boolean for whether full data for the company may be shown in pro_data,
and a boolean for whether the user is allowed to download company documents in pro_docs.


### Implementation

Now, since downloading an excel file for the company is the same as being allowed to
see the data on the website, we want to check for the exact same permissions before
downloading excel as well. We also want a rate limit of no more than 100 companies per day.

So, the function handling the downloadexcel end-point must perform these two checks before
processing and creating the excel file.

    a. do a rate limit for 100 per day. But, instead of using BASICCOMPINFO, use
       EXCELDOWNLOAD as the parameter
    b. use the _get_pro_permissions_from_session_and_cin method to check if pro_data
       is True

Now, this method will actually be called using javascript from the front-end, so the responses
will have to be done slightly differently. To see an example, look at the get_company_document
method of BusinessHandler. It checks whether there is a valid cin. Then it checks whether
the user is a Tofler Pro subscriber (this is not required for Excel). Then it checks
whether he is authorized to access pro_docs (for excel, we will check pro_data). In case of 
errors at any stage, it returns using getAjaxifiedOutput some error statuses. And finally,
if things are fine, it returns with the actual document (which you have already written).

This same structure needs to be set up for downloadexcel.


## On the front-end
It will be good to get your hands dirty on the front-end side as well. This is minimal,
and for now, will not involve writing CSS etc. But it will involve writing some javascript.

Templates for all webpages sit inside the templates directory under toflerweb. The 
company page that you see is the most complex template, and it sites inside business 
under the templates folder. As discussed before, the templates are rendered using Jinja.

In the company.html template, the CIN of the company in question is available in the variable
basics.cin. This can be access anywhere by writing {basics.cin}. So, if you want to create
a link to the excel download, you might write:
    
    <a href="/downloadexcel?cin={basics.cin}">Excel</a>

For now, you can put this link right after the endif clause corresponding to {% if basics.intro_text_read_more %}. 

However, later, this will have to be changed into a link that triggers a javascript that
sends an AJAX request for downloading the Excel file. You can search for Export Excel
in the template to find some code that is commented out that shows a drop-down menu on
the company page. You can uncomment this section (remove the {# and #} that enclose
that section, to uncomment it). If you do that, it will show a new drop-down on the company
page. In that, you can add the href to the Export Excel link. Still later, we will add
a listener and write javascript code instead of a direct href.
