# Understanding the flow of requests in toflerweb

All requests sent to the website are first routed to ToflerWeb.py

Look for statements that look like self._registerAction. These calls map website endpoints to functions. For example, self._registerAction('privacy',static_handler.get_privacy_page) tells the system that tofler.in/privacy should be handled by the function get_privacy_page of the static_handler object.

All functions that are mapped this way, have a specific function signature. They all accept the following parameters:
    self, environ, getdata, postdata, session

Any query parameters passed as ?param=value in the web address are mapped into the getdata object.
Parameters passed in the body of a post request as mapped into the postdata object. The session
object contains the sessionid for the request. This can be used to retrieve user information if
the user is logged in.

All functions that are mapped as above, are required to return information that can be used to
render a response to the webserver. Most functions use the getAjaxifiedOutput or the getTemplatizedOutput methods of ToflerWeb.py as a shortcut.

### Returning a JSON object for an AJAX request from the frontend
getAjaxifiedOutput is used to return a JSON object to the front-end. This is usually done for
API requests that are made using AJAX - so that the response can be handled and appropriate action
can be taken at the front-end. getAjaxifiedOutput takes a single parameter which has to be a
JSON-compatible object (typically a dictionary).

### Returning a webpage
getTemplatizedOutput returns an entire webpage. This method takes three parameters - the name
of a template, a dictionary object which is used to populate the template, and a session object
(this is the same as the session parameter received by the called function). Templates are
rendered using the Jinja engine.

### Returning a file as a response
In case your function must return something other than a webpage or a java-script object, it must
handle the return process on its own. This means, it has to return a tuple with three values:
  status, headers, doc

status is the standard HTML code - typically 200 OK
headers are the html headers - as an array of tuples - for example [('Content-type', 'text/html')]
doc is the actual content to be returned (in the case of a file, the contents of the file)

The best way to see how this works is to look at the getDocument method in ToflerWeb.py


### Adding a new endpoint
If you need to add a new endpoint/webpage on the website, you need to do the following.

1. Define the method that will handle the request. Remember, it has to follow the same
   signature as described above (environ, getdata, postdata, session). Again, look at
   the getDocument method to see the signature.
2. Add a _registerAction function call in ToflerWeb.py to handle your end point
3. Your method must respond using either getTemplatizedOutput, getAjaxifiedOutput or 
   the three-tuple of status, headers, and doc.

To see a very simple example of a function that returns a webpage, look at getSignupPage
in signinhandler.py


### Testing if you understand this

Create a simple end-point /testpage using the process above. Return the 404Error template
using getTemplatizedOutput. To display a custom message on th error page, pass a dictionary
{'message': 'My custom message'} to the getTemplatizedOutput method.

Then, IMPORTANTLY, restart the webserver as described in the note on how to test your additions
to toflerweb.
